This is a running list of issues that need to be addressed:

6) There was a failed murder attempt on a non-player soldier. The target of the assassination then executed the murderer, but the target of the assassination was not the horde leader. It should fall to the (in this case AI) horde leader to decide whether a soldier who attempts to murder another soldier and fails should be imprisoned, executed, expelled, or released (with no consequences). 
10) We haven’t added anything for the player to Listen to. Listen items should pop up as notification badges for the horde panel, and then notification badges on the names of the soldiers that have something they want the player to listen to. The notification badges should go away when that soldier no longer has something to say to the player (many of these should go away if not acted upon the turn when they appear). 
11) When I click on the active assignment an aravt has in the horde panel, it doesn’t tell me where the assignment is supposed to take place. E.g. it says “Altan Asud - Patrol” and when I click patrol, it says “Assign Chagataid Third - Rest (cancel current task) - Join active mission - No eligible missions. - Camp Duties - Guard camp - train troops - fletch arrows.” It doesn’t provide any details about the assignment presently being undertaken, what state of progress it is in, or where the aravt is presently physically located.
12) After the AI horde leader dies, the player’s aravt is still being referred to by name as “Chagataid Third” in a lot of places when it should have been renamed to “Asud Kheshig” across the board (and the other aravts should have new numbers and take the player’s last name as well).    
22) An aravt was assigned to shepherd while the herd was still en route returning to camp from a different shepherd assignment. Let's make sure that the herd travels with the aravt assigned to shepherd, such that there are no animals left for a different aravt to shepherd (which should make the assignment unavailable).
30) Duplicative reports are being produced for murder events. E.g. "Arghun Manchu confronted Qasar Tengeri in a fight to the death, but Qasar Tengeri won and killed Arghun Manchu instead." Then "Qasar Tengeri has executed Arghun Manchu for the attempted assassination." Then "Arghun Manchu has been executed!" Then "The horde mourns the loss of Arghun Manchu." Then "Qasar Tengeri killed Arghun Manchu in self-defense." Then "Arghun Manchu has been executed!" again. Then "The horde mourns the loss of Arghun Manchu." again. Instead, it should have just reported:  "Arghun Manchu confronted Qasar Tengeri in a fight to the death, but Qasar Tengeri won and killed Arghun Manchu instead." then "Qasar Tengeri killed Arghun Manchu in self-defense.". 
37) The assignmet-changing UI that is accesssed from the horde screen after clicking on the name of the assignment an aravt is assigned to should provide comprehensive details about that assignment (what action the aravt is assigned to perform, at what location, what stage of the assignment the aravit is at [going, performing, returning], and when the aravt is expected to return to camp).
41) We still don't have the notification badge system fully implemented. The specific event/report triggering a notification badge should have its own notification badge, as should the Tabs and Subtabs of the Global Reports Screen enclosing it. Looking at or expanding the event/report at issue should remove its notification badge and its parent tab/subtab badges.
42) Combat reports are not being detailed in the combat report that appears in the combat tab of the global reports screen. The complete report presented at the end of combat should be preserved in the combat report that gets surfaced in the combat tab of the global reports screen.
43) The names of Soldiers (anywhere, including in reports and on the horde panel) should always link to the soldier's profile screen. Presently this is implemented for some reports but not others (missing from Games and Training), it is also missing from the events log. It is working in the horde panel for soldiers other than the captain, but not for the captain. Both the captain's profile icon and name should link to the soldier profile screen.
44) The names of Aravts in reports should always link to the 'aravt tab' section of the soldier profile screen of the captain of the aravt in question.
45) The names of Soldiers should almost always be followed by the name of the aravt they are a member of in reports and event logs.
46) Garrison soldiers don't have names. They need names and comprehensive Soldier traits, especially if/once they are captured after combat. 
47) There is no way to view a soldier's profile screen from the garrison screen. 
48) There is no way to release a soldier from garrison from the garrison screen. 
50) The Inept solider and the Murderer soldier never seem to be assigned to the same soldier on Medium or Hard difficulty (this shouldn't be guaranteed, as it is for Easy, but it should be a possibility).
51) The AI horde leader is still assigning aravts to patrol specific points of interest instead of specific tiles. Part of the issue may be that we need a naming system for area tiles to give each tile a unique name.
52) As horde leader, dragging and dropping goods from the player's personal inventory to the communal inventory and vice versa should be possible, and should have small respect and admiration consequences with the horde (positive when donating, negative when appropriating).
53) December 9, 2025 Notes - captain promotions are now added, but still seeing unknown captain issues arise (e.g. when the horde leader dies of old age). Leadership of an aravt should always pass to the lieutenant by default, who is always a soldier other than the captain (as soon as an aravt receives a second soldier, that soldier is default lieutenant until the role is assigned to a different soldier, which can never be the captain). If an aravt only has one soldier, then that soldier becomes the captain and the lieutenant is nullified. If that soldier dies, the aravt ceases to exist.
54) The scout and patrol panel on the region screen is too large and is blocking the bottom of the screen. Let's make it smaller and make it moveable.
56) Let's make sure that we shuffle the order of the captain portraits for the tutorial dialogue and make sure that we present a new/unique portrait for each block of dialogue.  
57) Extend the tutorial to clarify that the player gets ten interaction tokens per turn, and that, for now, all they can do is interact with other soldiers to try to learn about them and try to win their admiration. Then clarify that, if the player successfully navigates these interactions and survives for long enough, the player will become horde leader and be able to direct the assignments of the horde. 